README.md, before:

# Pushover Bash Script
A Bash shell script to send pushover notifications. A [Pushover account](https://pushover.net/) is required to use this script.

Based on the original [Pushover Bash](https://github.com/akusei/pushover-bash) by [akusei](https://github.com/akusei).

## Usage

```
usage: pushover.sh <apikey> <userkey> <message> [options]

  -t,  --token APIKEY        The pushover.net API Key for your application
  -u,  --user USERKEY        Your pushover.net user key
  -m,  --message MESSAGE     The message to send; supports HTML formatting
  -a,  --attachment filename The Picture you want to send
  -T,  --title TITLE         Title of the message
  -d,  --device NAME         Comma seperated list of devices to receive message
  -U,  --url URL             URL to send with message
       --url-title URLTITLE  Title of the URL
  -p,  --priority PRIORITY   Priority of the message
                               -2 - no notification/alert
                               -1 - quiet notification
                                0 - normal priority
                                1 - bypass the user's quiet hours
                                2 - require confirmation from the user
  -e,  --expire SECONDS      Set expiration time for for notifications with priority 2 (default 180)
  -r,  --retry COUNT         Set retry period for notifications with priority 2 (default 30)
  -s,  --sound SOUND         Notification sound to play with message
                                pushover - Pushover (default)
                                bike - Bike
                                bugle - Bugle
                                cashregister - Cash Register
                                classical - Classical
                                cosmic - Cosmic
                                falling - Falling
                                gamelan - Gamelan
                                incoming - Incoming
                                intermission - Intermission
                                magic - Magic
                                mechanical - Mechanical
                                pianobar - Piano Bar
                                siren - Siren
                                spacealarm - Space Alarm
                                tugboat - Tug Boat
                                alien - Alien Alarm (long)
                                climb - Climb (long)
                                persistent - Persistent (long)
                                echo - Pushover Echo (long)
                                updown - Up Down (long)
                                none - None (silent)
  -v,  --verbose             Return API execution reply to stdout
  -d,  --debug               Print out debugging information
                                WARNING, this will output your user key and token to stdout
```

## Configuration
Configuration files can be placed in **/etc/pushover/pushover-config**, in the user's home directory at **$HOME/.pushover/pushover-config**, or in the root of this repository. The options are processed in order of importance for location. You can copy pushover-config-dist to pushover-config in any of these places.

1) Options in /etc/pushover/pushover-config are processed first
2) Options in $HOME/.pushover/pushover-config are processed next
3) Options in ./pushover-config are processed next
4) Command line arguments override all configuration values

The default configuration is empty and contains the following:

```
api_token=
user_key=
device=
url=
url_title=
priority=
title=
sound=
```

**NOTE:** If you have a value defined in /etc/default/ and also have overrides in $HOME/.pushover/ all empty options in $HOME/.pushover/ must not exist in the file. For example, I have the following configuration in /etc/default/

```
api_token=my-app-api-token
user_key=my-user-key
device=
url=
url_title="I want all URLs to have this title"
priority=
title="this is a generic title"
sound=
```

If I want to override only **title** for a specific user, the configuration in $HOME/.pushover/ will look like this

```
title="title for specific user"
```

## Support
For PHP Composer based projects, see [COMPOSER.md](COMPOSER.md)

## Examples
Send a simple "This is a test" message to all devices using the stored configuration in either **/etc/default/pushover-config**, **$HOME/.pushover/pushover-config**, or **./pushover-config**

```
pushover.sh -m "This is a test"
```

Send a simple "This is a test" message to all devices using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test"
```

Send a simple "This is a test" message with the title "Test Title" to all devices using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test" -T "Test Title"
```

Send a simple "This is a test" message to the devices named "Phone" and "Home Desktop" using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test" -d "Phone,Home Desktop"
```

Send a simple "This is a test" message to all devices that contains a link to www.google.com titled "Google" using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test" -U "http://www.google.com" --url-title Google
```

Send a simple "This is a test" high priority message to all devices using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test" -p 1
```

Send a simple "This is a test" message to all devices that uses the sound of a bike bell as the notification sound using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test" -s bike
```

Sends a simple "This is a test Pic" message to all devices and send the Picture with the message

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test Pic" -a /path/to/pic.jpg
```

Commit message:

Adding composer tests, node updates, and MD updates.

README.md, after:

# Pushover Bash Script
A Bash shell script to send pushover notifications. A [Pushover account](https://pushover.net/) is required to use this script.

Based on the original [Pushover Bash](https://github.com/akusei/pushover-bash) by [akusei](https://github.com/akusei).

## Usage

```
usage: pushover.sh <apikey> <userkey> <message> [options]

  -t,  --token APIKEY        The pushover.net API Key for your application
  -u,  --user USERKEY        Your pushover.net user key
  -m,  --message MESSAGE     The message to send; supports HTML formatting
  -a,  --attachment filename The Picture you want to send
  -T,  --title TITLE         Title of the message
  -d,  --device NAME         Comma seperated list of devices to receive message
  -U,  --url URL             URL to send with message
       --url-title URLTITLE  Title of the URL
  -p,  --priority PRIORITY   Priority of the message
                               -2 - no notification/alert
                               -1 - quiet notification
                                0 - normal priority
                                1 - bypass the user's quiet hours
                                2 - require confirmation from the user
  -e,  --expire SECONDS      Set expiration time for for notifications with priority 2 (default 180)
  -r,  --retry COUNT         Set retry period for notifications with priority 2 (default 30)
  -s,  --sound SOUND         Notification sound to play with message
                                pushover - Pushover (default)
                                bike - Bike
                                bugle - Bugle
                                cashregister - Cash Register
                                classical - Classical
                                cosmic - Cosmic
                                falling - Falling
                                gamelan - Gamelan
                                incoming - Incoming
                                intermission - Intermission
                                magic - Magic
                                mechanical - Mechanical
                                pianobar - Piano Bar
                                siren - Siren
                                spacealarm - Space Alarm
                                tugboat - Tug Boat
                                alien - Alien Alarm (long)
                                climb - Climb (long)
                                persistent - Persistent (long)
                                echo - Pushover Echo (long)
                                updown - Up Down (long)
                                none - None (silent)
  -x,  --validate            If set, it will only validate the account
  -v,  --verbose             Return API execution reply to stdout
  -d,  --debug               Print out debugging information
                                WARNING, this will output your user key and token to stdout
```

## Configuration
Configuration files can be placed in **/etc/pushover/pushover-config**, in the user's home directory at **$HOME/.pushover/pushover-config**, or in the root of this repository. The options are processed in order of importance for location. You can copy pushover-config-dist to pushover-config in any of these places.

1) Options in /etc/pushover/pushover-config are processed first
2) Options in $HOME/.pushover/pushover-config are processed next
3) Options in ./pushover-config are processed next
4) Command line arguments override all configuration values

The default configuration is empty and contains the following:

```
api_token=
user_key=
device=
url=
url_title=
priority=
title=
sound=
```

**NOTE:** If you have a value defined in /etc/default/ and also have overrides in $HOME/.pushover/ all empty options in $HOME/.pushover/ must not exist in the file. For example, I have the following configuration in /etc/default/

```bash
api_token=my-app-api-token
user_key=my-user-key
device=
url=
url_title="I want all URLs to have this title"
priority=
title="this is a generic title"
sound=
```

If I want to override only **title** for a specific user, the configuration in $HOME/.pushover/ will look like this

```
title="title for specific user"
```

## Support
- For PHP Composer based projects, see [COMPOSER.md](COMPOSER.md)
- For Node.js/NPM based projects, see [NPM.md](NPM.md)

## Examples
Send a simple "This is a test" message to all devices using the stored configuration in either **/etc/default/pushover-config**, **$HOME/.pushover/pushover-config**, or **./pushover-config**

```
pushover.sh -m "This is a test"
```

Send a simple "This is a test" message to all devices using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test"
```

Send a simple "This is a test" message with the title "Test Title" to all devices using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test" -T "Test Title"
```

Send a simple "This is a test" message to the devices named "Phone" and "Home Desktop" using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test" -d "Phone,Home Desktop"
```

Send a simple "This is a test" message to all devices that contains a link to www.google.com titled "Google" using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test" -U "http://www.google.com" --url-title Google
```

Send a simple "This is a test" high priority message to all devices using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test" -p 1
```

Send a simple "This is a test" message to all devices that uses the sound of a bike bell as the notification sound using the specified API token and user key

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test" -s bike
```

Sends a simple "This is a test Pic" message to all devices and send the Picture with the message

```
pushover.sh -t token -u key -m "This is a test Pic" -a /path/to/pic.jpg
```
